# Supplementary Information

This repository contains supplementary information to the article from Jerome, A., Ljunggren, M., Mathieux, F., Bobba, S., Ardente, F. (2024-submitted), *Product lifetime approaches in life cycle assessments of circular economy*.

*This work is openly licensed via [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).*

## Requirements

- `brightway2` ([link to install it](https://docs.brightway.dev/en/legacy/content/installation/installation.html)), the original calculations were carried out with `brightway2` version `2.4.5`
- `numpy`
- `pandas`
- `matplotlib`


## Description

- `1_mattress_database_creation`: Jupyter notebook containing the life cycle inventory for the remanufactured mattress case, the list of ecoinvent datasets used in the modelling and necessary functions to create a Brightway project and necessary databases to generate results for the remanufactured mattress case.
- `2_hv_motor_database_creation`: Jupyter notebook similar to the one above but for the repaired high-voltage motor case (see disclaimer below).
- `3_results_and_analysis`: Jupyter notebook, using the Brightway project and databases generated in the two notebooks above, and generating the life cycle assessment results and figures used in the article (see disclaimer below).
- `utilities_bw2`: Python functions that were developed to facilitate the use of Brightway2 to carry out an LCA. It is used in all three notebooks.
- `figures`: folder containing the figures used in the article, generated by the notebook `3_results_and_analysis`.
- `tables`: folder containing data tables used as supplementary information for the approach using a lifetime distribution, generated by the notebook `3_results_and_analysis`.

## Disclaimer

The repaired high-voltage motor case is based on confidential data. The case is published in [Jerome et al. (2023)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.resconrec.2023.107038). The notebook `2_hv_motor_database_creation` provides information on the ecoinvent datasets used and the functions to generate a simplified database using only data that are available in Jerome et al. (2023). The results and figures obtained in `3_results_and_analysis` are therefore not exactly the same as in the article. However, the 
